Add JS functions, parameters, arrow functions and IIFEs (#1661)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/106-javascript/content/109-javascript-functions/103-iifes.md

> # Iifes
> Immediately-Invoked Function Expression is a function that is executed immediately after it is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# IIFE

Immediately-Invoked Function Expression is a function that is executed immediately after it is created.

<BadgeLink colorScheme="yellow" badgeText="Read" href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/IIFE">IIFE — MDN Docs</BadgeLink>
```
